Weddingza — GoDaddy upload instructions
Updated: 6 October 2026

Status: code reviewed and tested locally. Final hosting verification and
client-approved business content are required before public launch.

1. Keep the complete old Vercel/GoDaddy files, database and media backup.

2. Confirm the Weddingza domain's document root in your hosting account.
   Upload the CONTENTS of wedding-za into that root, so index.php is directly
   inside it. Include the .htaccess files. Avoid a second wedding-za subfolder.

3. Select PHP 8.3 where available. Enable PDO MySQL, fileinfo, mbstring and cURL.

4. Create a separate new MySQL database and database user. Import
   database/schema.sql ONCE using phpMyAdmin. This includes all migrations.

5. Copy config.example.php to config.local.php. Fill the final HTTPS URL,
   database settings, random health token, business contact details, social
   image, and your own payment-provider settings. Leave allow_demo_login false.
   Never share this private configuration or add it to GitHub.

6. Create the admin account from cPanel Terminal / SSH:
   php scripts/create-admin.php "Your Admin Name" "YOUR_EMAIL" "YOUR_STRONG_PASSWORD"
   Use your own details, then sign in at /admin/login.php.

7. Ensure PHP can write to uploads/media and storage. Check that private
   configuration, database files and storage files return HTTP 403 or 404.

8. In Terminal run:
   php scripts/go-live-check.php
   Fix every BLOCKER. Its success message confirms configuration checks only.
   Privacy, terms and cancellation pages still contain draft policy text.
   Replace it with client-approved policies before accepting public payments.
   Review sample listings, editorial images and business contact information.

9. Before switching the main domain, test the new installation: customer,
   venue, vendor and admin login; signup; enquiries; quotes; bookings; uploads;
   member card; mobile menu; animations; valid HTTPS and HTTPS redirects.

10. Configure the Razorpay webhook at:
    https://YOUR-DOMAIN/api/razorpay-webhook.php
    Verify Test Mode payment success, cancellation and webhook delivery first.
    Then set Live Mode keys and complete a controlled real-payment check.
    Email/push requires your own configured delivery provider if enabled.

11. Switch the domain to this hosting account only after the checks pass.
    Re-test login, enquiry submission and payments at the final domain.

Full instructions: docs/GO-LIVE.md
No hosting credentials, live payment secrets or customer data are included.
